see what you did what kind of daughter did you raise
you should be ashamed of yourself
you know what mom
I'm not ashamed
I'm extremely proud of both my wife and my daughter
these two women have been better role models for me
than you ever were the only thing you ever taught me
was to use people for my own gain
and these two amazing women
they taught me about love
love what's that gonna do
love won't get you anywhere in life
I'm very sorry you feel that way Grandma Rose
who the hell are you Nathan Forbes
youngest grandson of Thomas Forbes
owner of various properties in town
that you like to frequent
alongside with your late husband's best friend
I believe